INTMDB-533: Feature Add: Programmatically Create Organizations (#1176)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: examples/atlas-organization/organization-step-1/Readme.md

# Example - A basic example to create and Orgnization with MongoDB Atlas and Terraform

This project aims to provide a very straight-forward example of setting up a MongoDB Atlas Organization with Terraform. This will create the following resources in MongoDB Atlas:

- Atlas organization
- Private Key
- Public Key
- Organization ID

> You can refer to the MongoDB Atlas documentation to know about the region names used in MongoDB Atlas respective to the Cloud Provider's region name:

Reviewer: suggest replacing "know" with an action
```suggestion
You can refer to the MongoDB Atlas documentation to learn more about the region names used in MongoDB Atlas respective to the Cloud Provider's region name:
```

Author: Removed region statement as not relevant in this example

* [Amazon Web Services (AWS)](https://docs.atlas.mongodb.com/reference/amazon-aws/#amazon-aws)
* [Google Cloud Platform (GCP)](https://docs.atlas.mongodb.com/reference/google-gcp/#google-gcp)
* [Microsoft Azure](https://docs.atlas.mongodb.com/reference/microsoft-azure/#microsoft-azure)

## Dependencies

* Terraform v0.13 or greater
* A MongoDB Atlas account 
* provider.mongodbatlas: version = "~> 1.10.0"
* [Cross-organization billing](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/billing/#cross-organization-billing) enabled and the requesting API Key's organization must be a paying organization. 

> * Some users (see [here](https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/issues/1083)) have reported issues deploying this starter example with Mac M1 CPU. If issue persists, suggest deploying instead on x86 linux if possible. See list of supported binaries [here](https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/releases/tag/v1.8.1)  

Reviewer: suggest more directly addressing the user for clarity - "If you encounter this issue"
```suggestion
* Some users (see [here](https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/issues/1083)) have reported issues deploying this starter example with Mac M1 CPU. If you encounter this issue, try deploying instead on x86 linux if possible. See a list of supported binaries [here](https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/releases/tag/v1.8.1).
```

Author: corrected

## Usage

**1\. Ensure your MongoDB Atlas credentials are set up.**

This can be done using environment variables:

```bash
export MONGODB_ATLAS_PUBLIC_KEY="xxxx"
export MONGODB_ATLAS_PRIVATE_KEY="xxxx"
```

> ... or follow as in the `variables.tf` file and create **terraform.tfvars** file with all the variable values and make sure **not to commit it**.

Reviewer: to me, "follow as in" is not totally clear - does this mean follow `variables.tf` as an example?

Author: corrected to say utiliize

Author: changed to utilize variables.tf

> # Example - A basic example to create and Orgnization with MongoDB Atlas and Terraform

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Example - A basic example to create a MongoDB Atlas Organization with Terraform
```

> # Example - A basic example to create and Orgnization with MongoDB Atlas and Terraform

Reviewer 2: I think what's missing is a README in atlas-organization folder (directly above) explaining how Step 1 and Step 2 directories relate to one another. Confusing looking at this for the very first time.

> # Example - A basic example to create and Orgnization with MongoDB Atlas and Terraform

Reviewer 3: I think we're missing a README.MD in the root of `atlas-organization` that links together the two steps & explains the overall flow & why it's a 2-step process

Reviewer 3: Also a question for the 2 steps - could we instead have made 2 local modules in the example and then called them from a root module `main.tf` passing parameters between them as necessary? It would save the user needing to do two `terraform apply`, but I may be missing something in the staging of the process here.

Reviewer 4: +1 on these - we can't assume anyone will figure this out on their own.

Author: Yep was trying to keep them isolated so the do not try to use old API keys on new org in next apply needs work I agree

Reviewer 4: Resolved for me, @colm-quinn leaving open as it's your point.

> This project aims to provide a very straight-forward example of setting up and organization Terraform with MongoDB Atlas. This will create the following resources in MongoDB Atlas:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
This project aims to provide a very straight-forward example of setting up a MongoDB Atlas Organization with Terraform. This will create the following resources in MongoDB Atlas:
```

- Atlas organization
- Private Key
- Public Key
- Organization ID

> You can refer to the MongoDB Atlas documentation to know about the region names used in MongoDB Atlas respective to the Cloud Provider's region name.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can refer to the MongoDB Atlas documentation to know about the region names used in MongoDB Atlas respective to the Cloud Provider's region name:
```

> [Amazon Web Services (AWS)](https://docs.atlas.mongodb.com/reference/amazon-aws/#amazon-aws)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Amazon Web Services (AWS)](https://docs.atlas.mongodb.com/reference/amazon-aws/#amazon-aws)
```

> [Google Cloud Platform (GCP)](https://docs.atlas.mongodb.com/reference/google-gcp/#google-gcp)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Google Cloud Platform (GCP)](https://docs.atlas.mongodb.com/reference/google-gcp/#google-gcp)
```

> [Microsoft Azure](https://docs.atlas.mongodb.com/reference/microsoft-azure/#microsoft-azure)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Microsoft Azure](https://docs.atlas.mongodb.com/reference/microsoft-azure/#microsoft-azure)
```

## Dependencies

* Terraform v0.13 or greater
* A MongoDB Atlas account 

> * provider.mongodbatlas: version = "~> 0.9.1"

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* provider.mongodbatlas: version = "~> 1.10.0"
* [Cross-organization billing](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/billing/#cross-organization-billing) enabled and the requesting API Key's organization must be a paying organization. 
```

* Some users (see [here](https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/issues/1083)) have reported issues deploying this starter example with Mac M1 CPU. If issue persists, suggest deploying instead on x86 linux if possible. See list of supported binaries [here](https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/releases/tag/v1.8.1)  

## Usage

**1\. Ensure your MongoDB Atlas credentials are set up.**

This can be done using environment variables:

```bash
export MONGODB_ATLAS_PUBLIC_KEY="xxxx"
export MONGODB_ATLAS_PRIVATE_KEY="xxxx"
```

... or follow as in the `variables.tf` file and create **terraform.tfvars** file with all the variable values and make sure **not to commit it**.

> **IMPORTANT** Hard-coding your MongoDB Atlas programmatic API key pair into a Terraform configuration is not recommended. Consider the risks, especially the inadvertent submission of a configuration file containing secrets to a public repository.

**2\. Review the Terraform plan.**

Execute the below command and ensure you are happy with the plan.

``` bash
$ terraform plan
```

> This project currently creates the below deployments:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
This example currently creates the following:
```

- Atlas organization
- Private Key
- Public Key
- Organization ID

**3\. Execute the Terraform apply.**

Now execute the plan to provision the MongoDB Atlas resources.

``` bash
$ terraform apply
```

**4\. Destroy the resources.**

Once you are finished your testing, ensure you destroy the resources to avoid unnecessary charges.

``` bash
$ terraform destroy
```

> **Important Point**

Reviewer 4: I'll admit this gave me a giggle.  I often have important points, only to forget them.  This is a perfect representation of those times :) 
```suggestion
**Important Point**
```

**Output:**
```
plstring = mongodb+srv://cluster-atlas-pl-0.za3fb.mongodb.net

> ```

Reviewer 4: Not an output.
```suggestion
**Output:**
```
plstring = mongodb+srv://cluster-atlas-pl-0.za3fb.mongodb.net
```
```
